Feat(anta_runner): Add an option to enable running custom user tests (#6203)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/anta_runner/README.md

# Enable AVD catalogs generation. Can be disabled if only user-defined catalogs are used.
avd_catalogs_enabled: true

> # Disables execution of user-defined catalogs by default. Enable this setting if executing user-defined tests is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disable user-defined catalogs generation. Enable this setting to generate tests from user-defined catalog files located in `user_catalogs_dir`.
```

Author: Updated.
